index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Assets Landing Page
---

# IBM Cloud Architecture & Solution Engineering

The IBM CASE organization provides prescriptive guidance, reference solution architectures and best practices to help clients build highly scalable and reliable applications using IBM Cloud.

### Application Modernization

Reference implementation & resources for migrating existing Java EE applications from on-premise to cloud-based deployments, as well as migration to a microservices-based architecture.

[Go>>](deliverables/application-modernization.html)

### Cloud Native &amp; Microservices Development

Reference implementation & resources for running a Cloud Native Mobile and Web Application using a Microservices architecture on a Kubernetes cluster.

[Go>>](deliverables/cloud-native.html)

### Cloud Service Management & Operations

Artifacts created by the IBM Cloud Service Management & Operations (CSMO) team to assist you with performance management of your IBM Cloud Private deployment.

[Go>>](deliverables/csmo.html)

### Event Driven Architecture
Support new programming model for IBM Cloud architecture center, with new methodology content too related to 'event storming' method, and a reference implementation using the event-driven cloud native design patterns.

[Go>>](deliverables/eda.html)

### Data & Analytics

Reference implementation for building and running analytics application deployed in a hybrid cloud environment, focusing on offering tools and practices for Data Scientists & IT architects alike.

[Go>>](deliverables/data-and-analytics.html)

### Hybrid Cloud Integration & Development

Reference architecture material describing an approach to connect components which are split across cloud and on-premises environments, or across public and private clouds -- even across different cloud providers.

[Go>>](deliverables/integration.html)

### IBM Cloud Private Platform

Prescriptive guidance on how to efficiently deploy and operate the IBM Cloud Private platform in the Enterprise.

[Go>>](deliverables/ibm-cloud-private-platform.html)


<!--
## [](#sessions)Conference Sessions

Attending [InterConnect 2017](https://www.ibm.com/cloud-computing/us/en/interconnect/)?  Want more information on Cloud Architecture?

You're in luck!  The majority of CASE-related sessions and appearances are available on this page, with access to the rest of the conference agenda.

**[Check out the CASE experience at InterConnect 2017](sessions.html)**

## [](#code)Reference Architectures

It's the core of what CASE is all about, building reference architectures and exemplar applications to help our clients solve real-world problems.

**[Check out the currently available CASE Reference Architectures](code.html)**

## [](#resources)Additional Resources

Do you love whitepapers?  Are you more of a video demo person?  Well, don't miss the CASE Additional Resources page

**[Dive into the deep end with additional Cloud Architecture resources](resources.html)**
-->

Commit message:

Update the landing page to add Multicloud section
Signed-off-by: Gang Chen <gangchen@us.ibm.com>

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Assets Landing Page
---

# IBM Garage and Solution Engineering

The IBM Garage and Solution Engineering organization provides prescriptive guidance, reference solution architectures and best practices to help clients build highly scalable and reliable applications using IBM Hybrid Cloud.

### Multicloud Solution

Explore architectures and assets that provide Multicloud solutions. Either looking to automate and manage your multicloud and multivendor infrastructure, or building private cloud or use public cloud to solve real-world problems, you'll find our Point of View in the multicloud era. 

[Go>>](deliverables/multicloud-solution.html)

### Application Modernization

Reference implementation & resources for migrating existing Java EE applications from on-premise to cloud-based deployments, as well as migration to a microservices-based architecture.

[Go>>](deliverables/application-modernization.html)

### Cloud Native &amp; Microservices Development

Reference implementation & resources for running a Cloud Native Mobile and Web Application using a Microservices architecture on a Kubernetes cluster.

[Go>>](deliverables/cloud-native.html)

### Cloud Service Management & Operations

Artifacts created by the IBM Cloud Service Management & Operations (CSMO) team to assist you with performance management of your IBM Cloud Private deployment.

[Go>>](deliverables/csmo.html)

### Event Driven Architecture
Support new programming model for IBM Cloud architecture center, with new methodology content too related to 'event storming' method, and a reference implementation using the event-driven cloud native design patterns.

[Go>>](deliverables/eda.html)

### Data & Analytics

Reference implementation for building and running analytics application deployed in a hybrid cloud environment, focusing on offering tools and practices for Data Scientists & IT architects alike.

[Go>>](deliverables/data-and-analytics.html)

### Hybrid Cloud Integration & Development

Reference architecture material describing an approach to connect components which are split across cloud and on-premises environments, or across public and private clouds -- even across different cloud providers.

[Go>>](deliverables/integration.html)

### IBM Cloud Private Platform

Prescriptive guidance on how to efficiently deploy and operate the IBM Cloud Private platform in the Enterprise.

[Go>>](deliverables/ibm-cloud-private-platform.html)


<!--
## [](#sessions)Conference Sessions

Attending [InterConnect 2017](https://www.ibm.com/cloud-computing/us/en/interconnect/)?  Want more information on Cloud Architecture?

You're in luck!  The majority of CASE-related sessions and appearances are available on this page, with access to the rest of the conference agenda.

**[Check out the CASE experience at InterConnect 2017](sessions.html)**

## [](#code)Reference Architectures

It's the core of what CASE is all about, building reference architectures and exemplar applications to help our clients solve real-world problems.

**[Check out the currently available CASE Reference Architectures](code.html)**

## [](#resources)Additional Resources

Do you love whitepapers?  Are you more of a video demo person?  Well, don't miss the CASE Additional Resources page

**[Dive into the deep end with additional Cloud Architecture resources](resources.html)**
-->
