deliverables/application-modernization.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Application Modernization
color-compute: Purple
last_updated: 2019-10-24
---

## {{ page.title }}

Updated: {{ page.last_updated | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}

### Code
- [Cloud Pak for Applications: Application runtime modernization by using WebSphere Liberty](https://ibm-cloud-architecture.github.io/cloudpak-for-applications/liberty/) - move an application to a 'built for the cloud' runtime with the least amount of effort.

- [Cloud Pak for Applications: Application operational modernization by using traditional WebSphere in containers](https://ibm-cloud-architecture.github.io/cloudpak-for-applications/was90/)- containerize WebSphere ND application  to be moved to the cloud without code changes.

- [Cloud Pak for Applications: Spring Modernization](https://ibm-cloud-architecture.github.io/cloudpak-for-applications/spring/) - With the Open Liberty project, IBM have provided support for Spring Boot and made optimizations to the runtime and Docker images specifically for Spring Boot.

- [Enterprise Application Modernization through Java EE on Cloud](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-jee) - master GitHub repository.

- [Monolith to Microservices](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-jee-monolith-to-microservices) - Microservices transformation GitHub repository


### Solutions

- [Applications Runtime modernization by using WebSphere Liberty](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/application-modernization/runtime-modernization) - Using the Customer Order reference application, this solution documents the journey of bringing existing middleware applications to a OpenShift Kubernetes environment including Analyze, Build & Deploy and Run & Manage phases

- [Operational modernization by using traditional WebSphere](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/application-modernization/op-modernization) - Using the Customer Order reference application, this solution  gives an operations team the opportunity to embrace the practices for modern container operations without putting change requirements on the development team.



### Reference Architectures

- [Modernize your application](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/application-modernization)

- [Reference Architecture for Application Modernization with IBM Cloud Pak for Applications](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/application-modernization/reference-architecture)

- [Application Modernization Field Guide](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/content/field-guide/app-modernization-field-guide)


### Tutorials

- [Transform traditional WebSphere apps to WebSphere Liberty on IBM Cloud Private by using Kubernetes](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/content/course/websphere-on-cloud-private/)
  - Includes in-depth IBM Transformation Advisor walkthrough in [Step 1, Task 1](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/content/course/websphere-on-cloud-private/1?task=1)
  - [Move IBM WebSphere Application Server workloads to WebSphere Application Server as a Service](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/was_lift_shift)




### Webinars

- [Migrating WebSphere apps to IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/bluemix/2018/01/webinar-migrating-websphere-apps-ibm-cloud-private/)

Commit message:

https://medium.com/@david.vandepol/hosting-a-liberty-feature-repository-internally-2588909c34e5 (#11)

deliverables/application-modernization.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Application Modernization
color-compute: Purple
last_updated: 2019-10-24
---

## {{ page.title }}

Updated: {{ page.last_updated | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}

### Code
- [Cloud Pak for Applications: Application runtime modernization by using WebSphere Liberty](https://ibm-cloud-architecture.github.io/cloudpak-for-applications/liberty/) - move an application to a 'built for the cloud' runtime with the least amount of effort.

- [Cloud Pak for Applications: Application operational modernization by using traditional WebSphere in containers](https://ibm-cloud-architecture.github.io/cloudpak-for-applications/was90/)- containerize WebSphere ND application  to be moved to the cloud without code changes.

- [Cloud Pak for Applications: Spring Modernization](https://ibm-cloud-architecture.github.io/cloudpak-for-applications/spring/) - With the Open Liberty project, IBM have provided support for Spring Boot and made optimizations to the runtime and Docker images specifically for Spring Boot.

- [Enterprise Application Modernization through Java EE on Cloud](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-jee) - master GitHub repository.

- [Monolith to Microservices](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-jee-monolith-to-microservices) - Microservices transformation GitHub repository

- [Hosting a Liberty Feature repository internally](https://medium.com/@david.vandepol/hosting-a-liberty-feature-repository-internally-2588909c34e5)  - Create docker container with Liberty features server to host in an air gapped environment


### Solutions

- [Applications Runtime modernization by using WebSphere Liberty](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/application-modernization/runtime-modernization) - Using the Customer Order reference application, this solution documents the journey of bringing existing middleware applications to a OpenShift Kubernetes environment including Analyze, Build & Deploy and Run & Manage phases

- [Operational modernization by using traditional WebSphere](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/application-modernization/op-modernization) - Using the Customer Order reference application, this solution  gives an operations team the opportunity to embrace the practices for modern container operations without putting change requirements on the development team.



### Reference Architectures

- [Modernize your application](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/application-modernization)

- [Reference Architecture for Application Modernization with IBM Cloud Pak for Applications](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/application-modernization/reference-architecture)

- [Application Modernization Field Guide](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/content/field-guide/app-modernization-field-guide)


### Tutorials

- [Transform traditional WebSphere apps to WebSphere Liberty on IBM Cloud Private by using Kubernetes](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/content/course/websphere-on-cloud-private/)
  - Includes in-depth IBM Transformation Advisor walkthrough in [Step 1, Task 1](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/content/course/websphere-on-cloud-private/1?task=1)
  - [Move IBM WebSphere Application Server workloads to WebSphere Application Server as a Service](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/was_lift_shift)




### Webinars

- [Migrating WebSphere apps to IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/bluemix/2018/01/webinar-migrating-websphere-apps-ibm-cloud-private/)
