deliverables/cloud-native.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Cloud Native Application Development
color-compute: Blue
last_updated: 2018-10-02
---

## {{ page.title }}

Updated: {{ page.last_updated | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}

### Blogs

- Taking BlueCompute from Spring to MicroProfile blog series:
  - [Migrating Java Microservices from Spring Boot to MicroProfile](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/bluemix/2018/09/migrate-java-microservices-from-spring-to-microprofile-p1/)
  - [Java Microservices with MicroProfile – RESTful APIs and Dependency Injection](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/bluemix/2018/10/migrate-java-microservices-from-spring-to-microprofile-p2/)

### Code

- [Run a Cloud Native Microservices Application on a Kubernetes Cluster](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes) - master GitHub repository with support for IBM Cloud Private, IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service, and Minikube
  - [MicroProfile Reference Application](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes/tree/microprofile)
  - [Spring Boot Reference Application](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes/tree/spring)
- [Run a Spring Cloud Application on a Kubernetes Cluster](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-spring)


### How-To Guides

- [Making Microservices Resilient in IBM Cloud](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-resiliency/tree/master)
- [Running Jenkins inside Kubernetes](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-devops-kubernetes)
- [Cluster to Cluster Microservices Communications](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes/tree/spring/cluster-to-cluster)
- [Microclimate Showcase](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-bluecompute-microclimate) - An end-to-end cloud-native development environment experience, using Blue Compute as the application of choice.


### Reference Architectures

- [Microservices for fast time to market and improved app quality](https://www.ibm.com/devops/method/content/architecture/microservices/0_0)


### Tutorials

- [Deploy a cloud-native microservices application on IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloudnative-microservices-cloud-private)
- [Deploy a microservices app on IBM Cloud by using Kubernetes](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/microservices-app-on-kubernetes)
- [Deploy a Spring Cloud application on IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloud-private-spring-cloud)
- [Set up a Jenkins pipeline to continuously integrate and deliver Kubernetes deployments to an IBM Cloud Private cluster](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloud-private-jenkins-pipeline)
- [Continuously integrate and deliver on IBM Cloud Private: Use Jenkins in a cluster or your Jenkins environment](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/content/course/cloud-private-jenkins-devops/0)


### Webinars

- [Deploying microservices apps in IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/bluemix/2018/01/webinar-deploying-microservices-application-in-ibm-cloud-private/)

Commit message:

Added Spring on Liberty config readme
Signed-off-by: Rick Osowski <osowski@us.ibm.com>

deliverables/cloud-native.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Cloud Native Application Development
color-compute: Blue
last_updated: 2018-10-02
---

## {{ page.title }}

Updated: {{ page.last_updated | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}

### Blogs

- Taking BlueCompute from Spring to MicroProfile blog series:
  - [Migrating Java Microservices from Spring Boot to MicroProfile](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/bluemix/2018/09/migrate-java-microservices-from-spring-to-microprofile-p1/)
  - [Java Microservices with MicroProfile – RESTful APIs and Dependency Injection](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/bluemix/2018/10/migrate-java-microservices-from-spring-to-microprofile-p2/)

### Code

- [Run a Cloud Native Microservices Application on a Kubernetes Cluster](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes) - master GitHub repository with support for IBM Cloud Private, IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service, and Minikube
  - [MicroProfile Reference Application](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes/tree/microprofile)
  - [Spring Boot Reference Application](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes/tree/spring)
- [Run a Spring Cloud Application on a Kubernetes Cluster](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-spring)


### How-To Guides

- [Making Microservices Resilient in IBM Cloud](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-resiliency/tree/master)
- [Running Jenkins inside Kubernetes](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-devops-kubernetes)
- [Cluster to Cluster Microservices Communications](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes/tree/spring/cluster-to-cluster)
- [Microclimate Showcase](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-bluecompute-microclimate) - An end-to-end cloud-native development environment experience, using Blue Compute as the application of choice.
- [Passing configuration at runtime to SpringBoot applications running on WebSphere Liberty](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes/tree/spring/docs/spring-on-liberty)


### Reference Architectures

- [Microservices for fast time to market and improved app quality](https://www.ibm.com/devops/method/content/architecture/microservices/0_0)


### Tutorials

- [Deploy a cloud-native microservices application on IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloudnative-microservices-cloud-private)
- [Deploy a microservices app on IBM Cloud by using Kubernetes](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/microservices-app-on-kubernetes)
- [Deploy a Spring Cloud application on IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloud-private-spring-cloud)
- [Set up a Jenkins pipeline to continuously integrate and deliver Kubernetes deployments to an IBM Cloud Private cluster](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloud-private-jenkins-pipeline)
- [Continuously integrate and deliver on IBM Cloud Private: Use Jenkins in a cluster or your Jenkins environment](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/content/course/cloud-private-jenkins-devops/0)


### Webinars

- [Deploying microservices apps in IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/bluemix/2018/01/webinar-deploying-microservices-application-in-ibm-cloud-private/)
