deliverables/multicloud-solution.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Multicloud Solutions
color-compute: Rainbow
last_updated: 2019-07-05
---

## {{ page.title }}

Updated: {{ page.last_updated | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}

### Blogs

- [Deploying IBM Cloud Private on Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/blog/ibm-cloud-private-on-aws-p1)
- [The IBM Multicloud Approach by Example](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/blog/ibm-multi-cloud-approach-by-example)
- [Run IBM Cloud Private on Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud platform](https://medium.com/ibm-cloud/run-ibm-cloud-private-on-amazon-web-services-aws-cloud-platform-c2cec1020ba8)
- - [Kubernetes and IBM Cloud: How to deploy, manage, and secure your container-based workloads - 5 Parts series](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/blog/kubernetes-and-bluemix-container-based-workloads-part1)


### Code

- [Cloud Foundry to Kubernetes migration tools](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/cf-transformation) - Analyze an existing Cloud Foundry application to give recommendation on migration to Kubernetes platforms.
- [Garage Catalyst for Red Hat OpenShift](https://github.ibm.com/garage-catalyst/iteration-zero-openshift) - Scripts and tools to setup OpenShift Iteration Zero development tools
- [Deploy IBM Container Platform with Terraform](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-module-icp-deploy) - a [Terraform module](https://www.terraform.io/intro/getting-started/modules.html) providing installation and configuration support for IBM Cloud Private.  Can be leveraged in conjunction with Terraform providers to deploy ICP on IBM Cloud, VMware, and Amazon Web Services.
  - [Terraform Highly Available IBM Cloud Private Deployment on AWS](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-icp-aws)
  - [Terraform Highly Available IBM Cloud Private Deployment on IBM Cloud](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-icp-ibmcloud)
  - [Terraform Highly Available IBM Cloud Private Deployment on VMware](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-icp-vmware)
  - [Terraform Sandbox IBM Cloud Private Community Edition Deployment on Azure](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-icp-azure)


### How-To Guides

- [Making Microservices Resilient in IBM Cloud](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-resiliency/tree/master)
- [Running Jenkins inside Kubernetes](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-devops-kubernetes)
- [Cluster to Cluster Microservices Communications](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes/tree/spring/cluster-to-cluster)
- [Microclimate Showcase](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-bluecompute-microclimate) - An end-to-end cloud-native development environment experience, using Blue Compute as the application of choice.
- [Passing configuration at runtime to SpringBoot applications running on WebSphere Liberty](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes/tree/spring/docs/spring-on-liberty)


### Reference Architectures

- [Microservices for fast time to market and improved app quality](https://www.ibm.com/devops/method/content/architecture/microservices/0_0)


### Tutorials

- [Deploy a cloud-native microservices application on IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloudnative-microservices-cloud-private)
- [Deploy a microservices app on IBM Cloud by using Kubernetes](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/microservices-app-on-kubernetes)
- [Deploy a Spring Cloud application on IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloud-private-spring-cloud)
- [Set up a Jenkins pipeline to continuously integrate and deliver Kubernetes deployments to an IBM Cloud Private cluster](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloud-private-jenkins-pipeline)
- [Continuously integrate and deliver on IBM Cloud Private: Use Jenkins in a cluster or your Jenkins environment](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/content/course/cloud-private-jenkins-devops/0)


### Webinars

- [Deploying microservices apps in IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/bluemix/2018/01/webinar-deploying-microservices-application-in-ibm-cloud-private/)

Commit message:

Add How-to guide for multicloud
Signed-off-by: Gang Chen <gangchen@us.ibm.com>

deliverables/multicloud-solution.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Multicloud Solutions
color-compute: Rainbow
last_updated: 2019-07-05
---

## {{ page.title }}

Updated: {{ page.last_updated | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}

### Blogs

- [Deploying IBM Cloud Private on Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/blog/ibm-cloud-private-on-aws-p1)
- [The IBM Multicloud Approach by Example](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/blog/ibm-multi-cloud-approach-by-example)
- [Run IBM Cloud Private on Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud platform](https://medium.com/ibm-cloud/run-ibm-cloud-private-on-amazon-web-services-aws-cloud-platform-c2cec1020ba8)
- - [Kubernetes and IBM Cloud: How to deploy, manage, and secure your container-based workloads - 5 Parts series](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/blog/kubernetes-and-bluemix-container-based-workloads-part1)


### Code

- [Cloud Foundry to Kubernetes migration tools](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/cf-transformation) - Analyze an existing Cloud Foundry application to give recommendation on migration to Kubernetes platforms.
- [Garage Catalyst for Red Hat OpenShift](https://github.ibm.com/garage-catalyst/iteration-zero-openshift) - Scripts and tools to setup OpenShift Iteration Zero development tools
- [Deploy IBM Container Platform with Terraform](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-module-icp-deploy) - a [Terraform module](https://www.terraform.io/intro/getting-started/modules.html) providing ICP kubernetes installation and configuration automation for multicloud providers.
  - [Terraform Highly Available IBM Cloud Private Deployment on AWS](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-icp-aws)
  - [Terraform Highly Available IBM Cloud Private Deployment on IBM Cloud](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-icp-ibmcloud)
  - [Terraform Highly Available IBM Cloud Private Deployment on VMware](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-icp-vmware)
  - [Terraform Sandbox IBM Cloud Private Community Edition Deployment on Azure](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-icp-azure)


### How-To Guides

- [Cookbook - Guide for managing kubernetes clusters with IBM Multicloud Manager](https://ibm-cloud-architecture.github.io/kubernetes-multicloud-management/)
- [Multicloud management reference architecture](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/multicloudManagementArchitecture/overview)
- [Deploy applications across multiple clusters by using IBM Multicloud Manager](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/multicloudManagementArchitecture/multicloud-manager-with-devops)
- [Gain the added value of IBM in your Red Hat OpenShift environment](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/architectures/ibm-cloud-private-red-hat-openshift)
- [Passing configuration at runtime to SpringBoot applications running on WebSphere Liberty](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-cloudnative-kubernetes/tree/spring/docs/spring-on-liberty)


### Reference Architectures

- [Microservices for fast time to market and improved app quality](https://www.ibm.com/devops/method/content/architecture/microservices/0_0)


### Tutorials

- [Deploy a cloud-native microservices application on IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloudnative-microservices-cloud-private)
- [Deploy a microservices app on IBM Cloud by using Kubernetes](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/microservices-app-on-kubernetes)
- [Deploy a Spring Cloud application on IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloud-private-spring-cloud)
- [Set up a Jenkins pipeline to continuously integrate and deliver Kubernetes deployments to an IBM Cloud Private cluster](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloud-private-jenkins-pipeline)
- [Continuously integrate and deliver on IBM Cloud Private: Use Jenkins in a cluster or your Jenkins environment](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/content/course/cloud-private-jenkins-devops/0)


### Webinars

- [Deploying microservices apps in IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/bluemix/2018/01/webinar-deploying-microservices-application-in-ibm-cloud-private/)
